we've discovered a tile and stone
retailer that you're going to love not
just because of their unbeatable prices
but because of the impeccable service
and attention to detail they provide
just walk through the front door and you
know you're in a unique place with
locations in camarillo thousand oaks in
Simi Valley tile city and stone has
everything from basic four by four white
tile to handmade hand pressed hand
painted custom creations at prices that
often beat most other retailers tile
city and stone has earned its reputation
because of its great staff and attention
to the individual design needs of its
customers that's one reason professional
interior designers and contractors often
choose tile city and stone Jonathan
Freedman is a custom tile and stone
contractor at a 14-year customer of tile
city and stone you know my customers
demand the best in terms of installation
and quality of the tile tile city sells
nothing but premium grade stone and tile
which means it's not second grade its
premium interior designer Helen Prosser
is also a longtime customer tile city
has always been very very helpful
they've they've worked with me they know
where everything is if I come in and I'm
in a hurry they just they either help me
pull selections so it makes everything
run very very smooth it makes my job a
lot easier and this is the tile city and
stone location in Camarillo intimate
boutique like with the same high quality
service and materials it's an intimate
environment here where customers can
meet the trained and experienced staff
and discuss their design needs and
desires and all within their budget it's
a place where you can sit down you can
get one-on-one attention get exactly
what you're looking for in a bit serving
an intimate setting yes it's very
beautiful of course personalized
one-on-one service is important and
rarely available at most doors tile city
and stone also offers unbeatable prices
well in Simi Valley we take all of our
clothes out material from the other
locations we bring them here
we have tile as low as 59 cents a square
foot wall and counter tile is 59 cents a
square foot compare that with 239 a
square foot you'd find at other stores
Chinese porcelain tile 149 a square foot
elsewhere you'd find this quality
porcelain tile at 398 a square foot
Italian porcelain 99 cents a square foot
tile city and stone three unique
showrooms to serve you in camarillo you
can call 8053 8888 58 in Thousand Oaks
8053 796 757 or in Simi Valley 805 526
20 47 or visit our website at best deals
TV show calm